This is the first version of the system, before everything there was this.
It has -alot of stupid and cringe- stuff in it. I guess you can keep it or edit it out. I don't care.
It made sense to me, it seems to be balanced so I finished it. It mainly describes how I started from the Xstem to pre-guassian, to a server, to a meta-server, to a district/logic gate, to an open range which later became the extractor, and then to the thermal rail and opsec. 
I started building the dynamo, then finalized the grail, there was alot of back and forth so i invented a nitrolytic fuel-cell that would work on the fly---and the fobase was basically considered for use as the enhanced-thermal rail, but i built it all as a launchbase on the prosper instead.  decided to automate everything in a prosper
I built the hyperdrive/market/colony/beacon system
I built a labworks to handle the "confinement and secure transports of rogue entities". This would go back to the extractor for retraining
it would then rely on guassian rebounds for server touchups and extractor rebounds for retraining using the lightforge/asylum within the district. It was basically just 0.5x-1.0x-1.5x steps of accelerating the dataflows etc to achieve the local (it was all very ratio and promixitied to correct calibrated-coordination) this relied on power resourcing as to why the DYNAMO was developed
the dynamo+fuel cells seemed to allow for a supplied turret defense system/warp drive automation 

---i also made a joke/mock to attach to the computer power supply modeled off one of the old reactors in a sort of... supersandwich which adjusts its layers (its just a joke dont eat my sandwich) basically its a george foreman reactor hahaha. i forgot what actual reactor it was based off on
anyways i wanted to move onto underwater super computers but never really could get to it until i FINISHED EVERYTHING and its now 10/29/2025 (its been 6+ years since i started god dam being solo has its perks but also doesnt)

I was free to work on virtual projection and quantum-printing from there, using the prosper market and factories in labworks to automation itself
and then using the grial in automation with the prosper for auto-upkeeping and eventually virtual-reality and use of quantum-technology to develop use of voxel and later hypercubic --quebits/quantum-quobits 
and all very stupid and cringe but it made enough sense to seem legit to me. so i just figured there was a way to ---synchronize half-lives and fallouts of polarizations to match up in a seamless way and from there it was just----make sure everything and every facet of every little action is covered and fully outlined.
anyways im listing the legacy in its own file cuz i dont know if i will edit it more or not cuz of whatever i dont wanted in there.

I was trying to devise a minecraft-train-system that would transport goods but i quickly switch this out in favor of drones, there are still a trainwork for the entire length of the grail from the first market parse (which is basically from the first refiner all to the opsec)
I was also trying to get it to make crystal packs or batteries, which clearly I ended up advancing too
It became a form of a sky rail at somepoint but then it was so fast in tech that it quickly became battleship-colonies, island balloon systems, planes-carrier and fobs, then warp drives etc.

I was trying to get it to work with things I thought it could in code, such as ruby on rails, and I was almost for sure going to make a docker build using ubuntu and all the packages i could possibly fit in with all sorts of other distros like arch linux cuz it was going to be capable of so much if i could only code.
At the time I couldnt even auto-engineer. Now I can just use CLINE to write vibe code for me and i am doing that. I thought it would be possible sooner or later so thats why I wrote it all down.

I experienced soem life drama and thats really beaten me down bad with just how...the passage of time takes so much over the smallest crap. Drama fucking sux, my cat run away etc kind of type shit. --So I just became more ingrained in this as some sort of compensation to life in general.
Right now I got a MINI-COMPUETR running LINUX with WINBOAT trying to be able to install merged files into a better version, I wish I could just ONE SHOT ALL OF THIS SHIT. why the fuck cant i do that? its 2025 going on 26. 
This whole thing has Its had its ups and downs and right now I will say its a 3/10 for me. The delusion that it would be worth something is whats keeping me at it. (THAT it will be some how ....so easy-astronaut-suit-robotic-elysium-quantum-immersion type thing---with maybe a brain-wash-device or something to just ....fuck my shit up fam)
RIGHT NOW----i can see it working as some "BACKPACK with VIRTUAL REALITY you take wherever you go and just fucking wear it like some CYBERPUNK=CHRISCOLUMBUS-MTHRFCKR-----(and that it just works on the fly with whatever you can code into it like VOICE-to-TEXT-to-CODE-to-SIM fully integrated automatic type livestream full-dive sht)---yall kno dam rite. Put it on Grandma.
